# Lipid-Pro
A computational solution, Lipid-Pro for data interpretation of LC-MS/MS based data. It is a lipid identification solution towards the lipidome analysis where defined lipid species are identified in the preprocessed data (lipid profiling). Moreover, it also provide comprehensive data management, sharing and integration features.

# Executable
Available to download at GitHub i.e., "LipidPro_SoftwarePackage.exe" (Compatible with Microsoft Windows Operating Systems)

# Publication
Ahmed, Z., Zeeshan, S., Huber, C., Hensel, M., Schomburg, D., Münch, R., Eisenreich, W., & Dandekar, T. (2013). 
# Software LS-MIDA for efficient mass isotopomer distribution analysis in metabolic modelling. 
BMC bioinformatics, 14, 218. https://doi.org/10.1186/1471-2105-14-218

# Summary / Abstract
 A major challenge for mass spectrometric-based lipidomics, aiming at describing all lipid species in a biological sample, lies in the computational and bioinformatic processing of the large amount of data that arises after data acquisition. Lipid-Pro is a software tool that supports the identification of lipids by interpreting large datasets generated by liquid chromatography--tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) using the advanced data-independent acquisition mode MS(E). In the MS(E) mode, the instrument fragments all molecular ions generated from a sample and records time-resolved molecular ion data as well as fragment ion data for every detectable molecular ion. Lipid-Pro matches the retention time-aligned mass-to-charge ratio data of molecular- and fragment ions with a lipid database and generates a report on all identified lipid species. For generation of the lipid database, Lipid-Pro provides a module for construction of lipid species and their fragments using a flexible building block approach. Hence, Lipid-Pro is an easy to use analysis tool to interpret complex MS(E) lipidomics data and also offers a module to generate a user-specific lipid database. 

# Further download and other related information is availabe at:
http://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.30942
